I
hi guys my name is Ryan jump I look at
this is my harmony video bio you might
notice that I'm not showered it's
because if you guys can see me and like
me at my worst then of course you guys
to like me at my best so let's start
from the bottom and work our way up I
found that online dating can be very
erotic and surprising you never know
who's going to find you attractive
whether it be the girl from the food
court or my 90 year old neighbor mrs.
crabapple this is my first online video
bio so let me tell you about myself i'm
a 21 year old college student i like
cats i really i really like yet oh my
god is really love cats oh I'm thinking
about getting plastic surgery to make
myself look more like a cat oh that
would be awesome I just love to watch
him walk around the yard it's just so
many out there the dooryard to poop in
and I just want to take all those cats
somewhere they're so beautiful I guess I
should've put them all on a basket
followed by all but he'll okay call me
Oh
ah